Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It's time…
For the Lamb of God to open.
and Summon us Four.
I am War.
I have heard your call.
And the world will know us again.
Rise. War.
And prepare for battle.
For I…
Am Conquest.
um
This is it Sam!
This is the place he was talking about!
Why do we always have to go to these places
you write about in your stupid books?
Did you really think that
the power was still running?
Look. I'm going to go to the car
and grab the air mattress.
Are you sure you want to go to the car?
I mean. maybe I kind of
like the dark in here.
I just can't believe we're here.
You know. they never found him.
What?
Well. they found his face.
Face?
They found his face?
Uh… what about the rest of him?
Don't worry. Romero. He's not here.
No one is here.
It's just you and me.
Alone.
Ten seconds. I'll be back. I promise.
You know. I bet you bring all the girls
you like to these creepy death houses.
You caught me there.
Okay. so there's one thing I've been
dying to ask you since we got here.
So are you the hot twin. or did I like…
Ugh!
This is private property!
Move!
Fuck!
Fire!
Canon. get the chains.
Stanley Warner. Bet you haven't
heard that in a while. have you?
It's a pleasure to meet you finally.
You've been on the most wanted
list for quite some time.
I'm really glad it was us
that brought you in.
We have big plans for you.
I'll give you a few
minutes with him. William.
I know that you've
waited a lifetime for this.
He's very heavily sedated.
so you should be okay.
I've spent half my life chasing after you.
You've gotten the best years of my life.
Every night a new nightmare.
And they want to keep you alive.
We both know you're going to escape.
Evil doesn't die.
And it sure as Hell can't be contained.
But this time. I'm ready for you.
Now I am sure that not every murder
in Metsburgh was done by that guy.
Tell that to him.
He almost lost his life to Gore. Twice.
And you want to take Gore back with us?
Yes. Yes I do!
Well. what about him?
Think of it as a game of Cat and Mouse.
This time? The mouse won.
No real need to worry. Old Man.
He's in good hands.
Are you okay. sir?
I'm fine. Problem with the night lately.
So. Who's next?
This man.
Welcome back! Alex Creed. here.
I'd like to take a minute and
introduce you to my good
friend and confidante Winey Swinney.
She's a world-renowned author.
chef and international food guru.
She's here today to talk to you about
her new set of revolutionary kitchen knives
Now I know what you're thinking.
Alex. you've fought zombies. aliens.
and bad guys of all kind
as Devin Danger.
What are you doing with Winey Swinney
talking about kitchen knives?
Well. let me tell you.
When I heard she was in town.
I said to myself…
My fans have got to hear…
About her five-time patented
stainless steel kitchen set.
Now. Winey. what are you
going to make for us today?
Today we're going to make
half-moon squash raviolis!
And we're going to start
with my personal favorite!
The Destroyer!
WINEY: Now Alex…
ALEX: Alrighty then.
Did you know that this knife can
cut through any bone like butter?
Uh. no. I didn't know that Winey.
So. we're going to start by
rolling out our full moons.
Like this!
Alright. Okay. folks.
It looks like we're making
lunar eclipse ravioli.
No. Alex!
Lunar means full moon!
And I don't see any werewolves around here!
Do you?
No. no I don't.
Today. we're just going to
fold them in to half-moons.
Like this.
Okay. sorry. And it's filled with
wonderful butternut squash.
Yes. what we did was we split the squash!
And then we put in just a little
bit of salt and pepper.
In the words of 'Devin Danger'…
What was that again?
Well. uh. I don't know. Winey.
What line were you referring to?
It's slicing time!
Its… I think you mean…
It's blasting time. The line is…
It's BLASTING TIME!
Oh okay. Close enough.
You know. it was the film where you
were fighting the alien space frogs!
Zombies. It's… It's…
It's Atomic Space Zombies!
Okay. whatever you say!
Now. we're going to take our squash
and put it into the oven at
350 degrees for 20 minutes
And. when we're finished…
Vualá!
Little lunar delights!
Well. okay fans. You know what that means.
That means…
Its… BLASTING TIME!
-Cut!
That was really good.
Really? You again?
Yes. Me again.
And I really wish you and your
friend would reconsider my offer.
My friend?
Why don't you go talk to him yourself?
Look. Mr. Creed. we're running out of time.
-Sir. You definitely need
to take a look at this.
Is this confirmed?
Yes. sir. The subject was destroyed.
- Shit.
It's time to take a look around and ask
yourself what you're doing with your life.
Okay. like this.
If you change your mind.
you know where to find us.
KIRK: Yeah I've got to go.
All right. see you.
Yeah! Baby!
Good job today!
- Oh yeah?
- Killing it!
What were the numbers?
Well. you know know I don't
seem to have the accurate…
Kirk.
What were the numbers?
Look. Alex.
Man.
Truth be told…
Nobody.
Nobody is looking for Alex Creed selling
kitchen knives on the Food Channel.
WINEY: I'm alright. It's only a little cut.
God.
Alright.
You know…
We need to get you back in the game.
You were one of the highest
paid actors out there.
Commercials trying to
sell kitchen products?
It's not the right route for us to take.
AC. Look up there.
See that shining?
That's YOU!
You're a rock star!
Okay? You're not a salesman.
We'll get them again tomorrow.
Go for Lazie.
- Hey. Winey.
I just wanted to…
Alex!
I want you to have this!
It's the new Destroyer 2.0!
Not even in production yet!
And its ten times stronger
than the original!
I want you to have it!
And it even comes with its own holster!
You never know when it's going to be…
Slicing Time!
Gee…
Thanks!
God.
WINEY: I'm alright.
Alright. Alex.
What do you want out of life?
Anna. I'm Mick.
What the Hell is going on here?
Well. why don't I tell you what I do.
I work with an agency
that deals with… Incidents.
Why is that guy wearing a mask?
Well. because you're contagious.
Then where's yours?
Well. I don't need one.
I thought I was contagious?
Not to me.
By the way. I was really impressed with
how you handled yourself back there.
Yeah. well that…
Thing just came at me. like I
was getting ready to close…
And he busted in here and bit me and…
Anna.
I've reviewed your file.
Runaway at thirteen.
Shoplifting. In juvee by fourteen.
Fighting… Grand Theft Auto…
Mercedes S-650?
Excellent choice. by the way.
You were good.
Very good. actually.
But then you got out.
You changed.
Well. at least that's what they told me.
But I knew you could prove them wrong.
Wait… what?
Who are you?
You see… we're working on this serum.
It brings the dead back to life.
But the problem is that…
The results have been unstable when
administered to the already dead.
So you see… we needed to
test it on the living.
We just needed to find the right subject.
Subject?
Yes.
Someone strong. A fighter.
A survivor.
Someone who could really handle themselves.
And someone who doesn't have any ties.
You don't have any family. do you. Anna?
No one is going to come looking for you.
You see. Anna…
You're going to die.
Look. I don't know what
the Hell is going on here…
Anna. calm down.
Within a few hours. you are
going to be what he was.
Well… not exactly.
You are going to be something better.
Something stronger. Sharper.
Anna…
You're going to be unstoppable.
Wa… Wa… Wait.
What are you saying?
That…
I'm gonna die?
Think of it more as a rebirth…
A metamorphosis.
You see… we really need you. Anna.
There's a war coming.
And we are going to need you.
Go fish.
Oh. hello.
How you doing?
Alright.
Who the Hell are you?
Names Alex Creed.
This is my… uh…
My sidekick.
Sidekick?
I would say more of an equally
qualified confidante. wouldn't you?
Whatever. man.
My name is Obji.
And how exactly in the Hell
do you spell that?
O-B-J-I
The "J" is silent.
Wait. what? No.
Yes. it is.
No. I'm pretty sure it sounds like
there's another letter in there.
No.
There's definitely another
letter in there…
Humans.
Okay. look mister O-B-J-I…
How about we just shorten it to "Obie"
Is that cool?
Yo. man.
Sorry.
I used to be a police detective
out of Metsburgh.
I think the reason I've been
brought into this mix is…
That I used to hunt a serial killer that
our friend out there wants.
Hmm. A detective. huh?
You know. I used to be in the military.
Army Corp. two years.
Before I became an actor.
Yeah. he. uh. He likes to read.
A lot.
Sorry I'm late. something came up.
Hey. uh…
You okay. dude?
Yes. Mr. Creed. I'm fine.
But I assume you're wondering
why you're here.
Yeah.
I think I can speak for everybody when I
say what the Hell are we doing here?
Well. each of you has unique abilities
and I'm putting together a team
of extraordinary individuals.
To fight a war.
That's coming soon.
A war?
Wait a minute. what type of war?
Dude. I'm just an ex-action hero.
I'm an actor.
I mean. hell. brother. I can't
even do my own stunts.
What can I possibly offer you?
We'll come back to that in
a second. Mr. Creed.
Have any of you heard of "The Apocalypse"?
What. from the Bible?
Right.
Hmm.
On my world the apocalypse is
brought on the "Four Riders".
Supreme beings.
They take shape of whatever world
they are trying to consume.
Now normally. the Riders show only
when the world is in need or is dying…
But…
Some have said that when the Riders
show. the Gates of Chaos open…
And those planets beings are
deemed unworthy to live their lives.
They are coming.
Aw. man. This is bullshit.
Man. let's go.
This guy here… I mean this…
This is crazy!
He wants the three of us…
A washed up action hero.
A silent "J" Obji…
And. uh. no disrespect.
but this old dude…
To take on four superhuman Gods.
Who are coming to destroy the world.
I mean we're all going to die.
See? I told you the "J" was silent!
Look. if any of you don't want
to stay. I'll understand.
But time is running short.
They will be here soon.
What if we don't believe this?
Well. you better start believing.
Because they are coming.
If you'll excuse me…
This is crazy.
And just to confirm…
We are removing the "J"?
Oh shit!
You scared me!
Where have you been? I've been
looking for you for like an hour.
Sorry.
The boss is working me to death.
Well. I suppose that's
supposed to be funny.
Look. I really need your help.
You know I can't get involved.
Yeah. he's coming and he's going
to destroy everything in his wake.
You need to understand that
life and death happen.
It's nature's cycle.
After death. there is rebirth.
There are billions of souls on the planet.
Who are they to decide who lives and dies?
They are the Gods.
Gods?
They don't get to tell you to
reap the souls of the living!
You of all people should
know how it works.
Look. I remember when you came for me.
And I didn't want this
any more than you did.
But I'm not you. I'm different.
You are different because you
witnessed the transference of powers.
You are the first of your kind.
And no one knows the
limits of those powers.
Powers?
Does this look like power to you?
Everything I eat tastes like ash.
I can't touch another person.
I can't die.
This is a curse.
It's not power.
You were given your powers for a reason.
Look.
We need you.
Don't you remember
when you used to question?
I no longer remember those days.
I only know of my duty.
There is a list.
A list we follow.
One day. my time too will arrive.
Why can't I breathe?
I told you that would happen.
Your body doesn't need to any more.
Stop fighting it.
You need to understand your fate.
It's coming for you.
The sooner you accept it. the sooner
you can accept your rightful duties.
What about the voices?
The voices I hear.
You hear the voices?
The voices are trapped souls around us.
You must find a way to ignore them.
They are the souls of
those that died suddenly.
Those that haven't finished
their business on this earth.
Never answer those calls.
Hey!
What do you think you're doing?
Yeah. you. Tough guy with the knife.
You want to go?
Let's go!
Stop!
I am Marcos.
God-Deity.
Spirit. I am Divine.
I am War.
-Freeze!
Put your hands up. drop the weapon.
I have a 3-10 in progress. I need back up.
I said freeze!
I've advised him to stop.
He's coming right for me.
I said freeze damn it!
I am Famine!
I am sickness. drought and disease!
And I will make you beg!
Oh no… wait here!
What? The man said wait.
We both knew it was going to come to this.
I should have ended this years ago.
You can put the gun down. William.
Trust me.
Trust you?
Look at this thing! You said it can
be controlled and it can't be!
Just go with Doctor Steigert.
Stop!
It works!
You broke my favorite sunglasses.
The serum. Mick. it worked!
Serum? What serum?
Will somebody let me in on this?
You're not the only one
with secrets. Mr. Sanders.
Stanley…
The axe.
You've learned how to control him?
No. detective.
We've weaponized him.
Stanley?
The door.
Come along. William.
You're part of the program now.
You know…
Our friend here?
He's quite resilient.
We're not sure why.
But we did know if we
could slow him down…
We could control him.
That's not what you said before.
you said "weaponized".
Control is the ultimate weapon. Obji.
Stanley. we have a gift for you.
It's not the highest tech. but it
should suit your purposes perfectly.
We're also going to need
you to be using this.
Seems like we can leave the
good doctor to her work now.
What about him?
- I think he's going to be okay.
- And her?
Oh she's definitely going to be okay.
Alright.
There will be a price to pay.
once the God's realize
what we have started.
Brother Famine.
There fell a great star from above.
Burning like a torch.
And it fell upon this city.
And the name of the star
was: The Apocalypse!
And many men…
Women…
And children…
Will…
Die.
Who are you. Marcos. but a
Horseman that brings war?
You are the mere cathexis.
but not the decider of fate.
While all of us are necessary…
It is I that holds the
key to the Apocalypse.
All your strength…
And yet you can not speak.
Hear me.
For I will only say this. but once.
If one falters. we will fail.
Alone…
Our power is strong.
However…
Our power together…
Is unstoppable.
Welcome to the team.
Hey. um…
Oh relax. Alex. She's restrained.
Alright. this is it.
This is what I've gathered
you together for.
I was hoping we'd have one
more. but he didn't make it.
Okay. wait a minute.
Who exactly are we supposed to defeat?
That's an excellent question. Mr. Creed.
Well. yeah.
I think we all have a right to know
what we're up against here.
Well. its the Four Horsemen
of the Apocalypse.
So you were serious before?
- Yeah.
- The Four Horsemen?
Yeah.
- As in Gods?
- M hmm.
- You want us to fight Gods?
- Yeah.
Look.
If I didn't think there's a chance to
beat them I wouldn't ask this.
You've got me…
The walking encyclopedia…
Books are knowledge!
The Unknown Soldier…
This scary "Hannibal" -looking chick…
No offense.
And that big scary motherfucker
that's probably going to kill us all!
We're the only chance we have.
I guess it's a great day to die.
-Kora?
-Kora. it's Father David.
I just wanted to check on you.
About…
Earlier.
I know what happened.
I know what you've been through.
We can talk about it.
It will get better. Kora.
Life gets better.
But this isn't the way.
It's unpardonable.
We belong to the Holy…
And we can not end our
lives unless He wishes so.
Your spirited soul will
not be reaped. but…
Damned to eternity to replay over
and over again on this plane.
Kora. please.
There is only one decider of your fate.
Well…
Perhaps we can talk later.
Peace be with you. Kora.
So. um…
What's your story. kid?
I'm dead.
Oh.
I see.
Well. I'm an ex-action star that does
infomercials on the Cooking Channel.
I see he couldn't put together
a better team. could he?
A better team?
I didn't want to be this.
Whatever this is.
Technically. undead.
Simple. bloodthirsty. undead.
Why do you think you
have to wear the mask?
I assumed it was to protect
my makeup from smearing.
Okay…
I'm going to go find Obji.
Um…
Good talk.
Yeah.
You know. Anna.
I do understand what you're going through.
Do you?
Because I don't see your fucking
flesh rotting off your arms.
Let me tell you a story. Anna.
I didn't always have this job.
I had a life. I had a girlfriend.
Until I died.
What happened to you?
I don't know.
But. whatever happened. changed me.
It turned me into something…
That couldn't die.
Oh. Um…
My throat is dry. can I have some water?
You see?
What are you?
Anna. you have power.
You just have to learn how to harness it.
And I can teach you.
Okay. look.
Now that's just great.
Now let's just add cannibal to
our roster of misfit heroes.
Uh…
Cappuccino?
What is this…
Sorcery.
It's a cat toy.
Cat toy?
What is this contraption?
Does it matter. Marcos?
Just a primitive human object.
We have a job to do.
Why do you fear?
Ahh. yes.
I can sense it.
You fear the end.
What is this?
That's Teddy.
Teddy?
What is a Teddy?
He's my best friend.
Your best friend?
Don't you have a best friend?
I don't.
You know. someone you like. Someone
that's there when you need them?
Yes!
Starvation! Malnutrition! Epidemic!
You humans must hate me.
Death.
Finish these mortals.
We've got to keep moving.
Try to bring me to my demise.
With your small beast.
- Whoa!
Alex. a little help?
Now that's some badassery right there!
Woo!
What in the world?
Gentlemen.
My name is Doctor Victor Nat. I'm
the weapons specialist at this facility.
I have just one rule:
Do not put holes in my wall!
That should really come
with a warning label.
Yeah.
Alright. That's enough practice.
We've got ourselves a Code Green.
How big is that. What?
I missed that one. what's
a Code Green again?
I think it means the food is ready.
Thank God. I'm starving.
A Code Green is not lunch.
Obji. you don't have to raise your hand.
When do we get to eat? Is
that before the mission?
We can eat when we get back!
- He did that.
- Yes. Obji?
When you picked us up you said
we could eat as soon as we got here.
I'm in the mood for the wings of a chicken?
- Chicken wings.
- Chicken wings!
Chicken wings sounds good right now.
A Code Green is an emergency.
We need to go now!
Um. sir…
- Perhaps a last meal is in order.
- You did that.
I'm not getting in trouble for that.
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
are descending upon us. Now.
This is what you came together for.
This is the whole…
Victor get the van!
- Yes sir.
- Van?
Ride? A ride?
Oh. my man Victor!
After that? Let me guess!
We've got some cool superhero type.
weapons automatic type stuff right?
I mean like 100 miles per hour. right?
No…
We have a 1983 GMC Vandura.
What you talking about. Victor?
The Finance Department didn't
want to provide funds…
They are not exactly
expecting us to come back…
I had to bring my personal vehicle.
Yay. van?
Man. shut up.
It does have low miles. so if we
survive we could use it again.
An 80's van. huh?
Couldn't even get a cool car!
Where is everyone?
Whenever they are…
They're all naked?
I don't think they're naked.
They're here.
Were here.
Are here.
They knew we were coming.
Hybrid. Why are you here?
I'm here for her.
Ahhh!
She's the deliverance of fate.
You do not wish to challenge fate.
For you do not yet know yours!
He who seeks me shall find me!
And shall find their fate
is not what they expected.
Child.
I shall give you what you need!
Be free!
Feed!
Is this the hybrid they speak of?
More like half-breed!
You are nothing.
Your powers are nothing.
You can not stop the
events from taking place!
We are the Horsemen.
Destruction of all.
And we will reap your soulless body
as an homage to our testament.
The consequences of breaking
the Alliance is death!
He is Death.
- No!
No. Go away!
He wasn't supposed
to listen to the voices!
I told you to never listen to the voices.
This is not the time. nor the place.
The end is near. but it shall
not take place here.
We shall return when the moon is
high and the time for reaping is full.
You have seen the
fulfillment of your powers.
You were never the reaper of souls.
But. the savior of lost ones.
He was my friend.
But. you can have him.
If you need a friend too.
I'm sorry. Doctor. I'll be out
of here in a moment.
No. I'm sorry to disturb you.
Who are you?
Just a concerned citizen.
A concerned citizen?
Well. a concerned citizen
from a higher power.
Where's the doc?
She stepped out.
Why don't you have a seat?
So. what did happen to you. anyway?
Heard you had a miraculous cure.
Stage Three. wasn't it?
Is there anything I can help you with?
We found him.
Him?
Yeah. what was it the papers called him?
Gore?
Why are you telling me this?
I think you know exactly why
I'm telling you. Mr. Sanders.
We want you to help us find him.
What if I refuse?
You won't.
You see…
I'm seeking out individuals
that have unique abilities.
And he seems like someone
that we would be…
- We?
- Very interested in.
Yes. I represent a group.
A group of individuals that
have unique abilities.
And an unstoppable killer seems
to fit into that perfectly.
There's also a spot in there for…
An old man by day and a monster by night.
I'm shutting this operation down.
Oh. great.
Another gig I get fired from.
And I wasn't even being paid for this one.
- What about?
- They're no longer your concern.
Well I didn't even finish my question.
I could have been asking anything!
Wait a minute. They weren't our
concern in the first place.
Yet here we are.
And who the Hell are you?
I'm the contingency plan.
This was Mick's team. His baby.
He put everything he had into the project.
Into all of you.
Mick was wrong.
Alright. hold up.
Mick believed in us.
Now. I don't know who
you are. Mrs. Unknown…
But you can't just walk in
here and shut us down.
Mick did believe in you.
He was wrong about how to defeat them.
It's over. We don't need them.
We do need them.
I remember a long time ago.
Someone telling me that I was
the brightest in the business.
That I would go places.
Or don't you remember that life?
Uh. excuse me. We're still here.
Mick thought that by defeating Conquest…
He could rid the world of destruction.
But that is not it.
They feed off each other.
No offense.
What we will need is a diversion.
Something to separate them.
Without each other. they are powerless.
Tonight will bring the end.
We must prepare.
Tonight marks the full harvest.
Tonight we need all of us.
They will meet at the Tomb of Cyrus
For the ritual to bring
upon the Apocalypse.
Hm. Then. I guess we better get going.
The Tomb of Cyrus.
I led the way.
I enter first.
Why must it always be I
to remind you. Marcos.
You are War.
The instigator of anarchy and chaos.
You are brute strength.
But a leader you are not.
Step aside.
Who are you. Olcay?
You await the completion of our work.
And then you mount your
white horse of Conquest.
A mere pawn of the Gods.
Taking credit for the
destruction we create.
Must I remind you…
That the Sword of War is
the instrument of your death!
To imprison you back to your resting place.
Talk. talk. talk!
You talk too much! The
Apocalypse will never come!
This way!
A Reaper is not the only traveler.
Where did you get that?
We have our secrets as well.
Once every four thousand years…
The Harvest Moon aligns with
Eros and Elos. forming a portal.
Allowing mortals to travel as
the Reapers have for centuries.
But. I can't promise your return.
Well. you wanted a team of freak shows.
So let's go.
Where the Hell are we?
We don't have much time.
They are close.
We need to protect the opening.
If it closes. we can not get out.
Two of you need to stay out here.
Just in case.
- Not it!
- Not it.
Would you rather go in and spend some
more quality time with our Horsemen?
I do not see them sitting
down for a game of Uno.
We got this.
It… Is… Blasting Time.
Aw. man. come on. That's my line.
You just can't…
What the?
Oh shit.
We got this.
Don't worry about it.
We got this covered. man.
Um.
Rain-check.
Yeah.
Don't go getting yourself killed now. boys.
Man.
Alex.
Make my day!
Pew! Pew!
Man. I mean seriously.
Oh… um…
You had me at 'hello'!
Oh my god.
Good heavens. That's not right.
You.
Go with her.
Find Conquest.
She will be the leader of the Horsemen.
I need to get to Death.
Say hello to my…
Tiny friend!
Okay. first of all. it's "little".
It's my litt…
Hey guy! Hold up! I changed my
mind. I want to come with you!
Little friend?
Alex!
Buddy system!
Am I too late?
Just in time.
You'd better suit up.
You!
I am War.
Man or monster.
You are mortal.
What are you. demon child?
You possess something not human.
Why do you fight for these weak mortals?
What can life bring you that we can not?
I no longer have life.
I believe as you say…
Uno!
Oh you son of a bitch!
Alright. Silent Jay.
Draw Two.
Wham!
Oh.
Alright. I can't do this any more.
Come on. we're going in.
It hasn't been fifteen minutes.
It's a long fifteen minutes. Come on.
You two need to stay out here.
But I'm Alex Creed
and I do what I want!
Man. come on.
Conquest. huh?
Welcome to anger management.
Counselor.
I should have kept my ass outside.
Yee haw!
No!
Now that is Uno!
Yeah it is.
Thank you. brother.
Thank you.
Glad I can be of assistance.
What?
Oh.
Oh my word!
Oh!
Make it stop!
Oh she…
Go away!
There has been an alliance for centuries.
A code that we followed.
I warned you.
You knew the consequences
of breaking the alliance.
All being have their time.
The mortals. The immortals.
Your time has come.
The alliance shall remain!
Death takes many shapes.
And a new Death will rise.
But for now…
Alas. Reaper. As the
last remaining Horsemen…
I humbly beg your mercy.
It is time for you to leave.
Go back to your world.
You have done a service to ours.
A debt that can never be repaid.
Whoa.
Who the hell is that?
Is…
Is that William?
- William!
- Oh yeah.
Come here boy.
Come here boy. Come here. William.
Come here.
Oh. Oh!
Wait. Wait. Stop.
Stop!
What are you?
You don't happen to have
a stain stick. would you?
No. I don't. Come on.
This isn't going to come out. Alex.
Ugh.
VICTOR: Is there anyone else?
No. just us.
Cannibal died again. Dead-er…
Gore just kind of took off…
And Mr. Personality just disappeared.
Hmm.
The serum lasts less than an hour.
Oh.
And the Horsemen?
Problem solved.
The van is just up this hill here.
Again with the van. man?
Well. it does have good gas mileage.
Hey.
I don't think I need to remind you of the
importance of keeping this to yourself.
You know…
I think we got off on the wrong foot.
Let's start again.
I'm Alex.
That's Obji.
So instead of calling you Mrs. Unknown…
What's your real name?
You know…
I think I like Mrs. Unknown.
Yeah.
And…
I think it's time you hear some real shit.
- More shit.
- Yeah.
Mr. Creed. this way.
Great.
Maybe this time I'll get
up to 40 on the freeway.
Hey. Alex. Chicken wings?
Mr. Grey.
There's something you need to see.
Are you sure it's okay?
Oh my God. he's dead. It's totally fine.
I've been up here a bunch of times.
Subtitles and Captioning
by Christopher Burns Jr.
Hey. pretty lady. Don't I know you?
Nobody knows me.